Fixes automatically publish package. (#23678)
github/docs: content/actions/publishing-packages/publishing-nodejs-packages.md

## Publishing packages to the npm registry

> You can trigger a workflow to publish your NPM package every time you [publish a new release](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/managing-releases-in-a-repository#creating-a-release). The process in the following example is executed when the release event of type 'published' is triggered. If the CI tests pass, the process uploads the package to the npm registry.

Reviewer: I'm going to suggest a small change here to bring the link into line with our style guide, but otherwise this looks good.

```suggestion
You can trigger a workflow to publish your package every time you publish a new release. The process in the following example is executed when the release event of type `published` is triggered. If the CI tests pass, the process uploads the package to the npm registry. For more information, see "[Managing releases in a repository](/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/managing-releases-in-a-repository#creating-a-release)."
```

## Publishing packages to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}

> You can trigger a workflow to publish your NPM package every time you [publish a new release](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/managing-releases-in-a-repository#creating-a-release). The process in the following example is executed when the release event of type 'published' is triggered. If the CI tests pass, the process uploads the package to the npm registry.

Reviewer: Similarly, making small changes here.

```suggestion
You can trigger a workflow to publish your package every time you publish a new release. The process in the following example is executed when the release event of type `published` is triggered. If the CI tests pass, the process uploads the package to {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %}. For more information, see "[Managing releases in a repository](/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/managing-releases-in-a-repository#creating-a-release)."
```
